Feature/add snapshot schedules resource for redshift (#8064)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/redshift_snapshot_schedule.html.markdown

---
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_redshift_snapshot_schedule"
sidebar_current: "docs-aws-resource-redshift-snapshot-schedule"
description: |-
  Provides an Redshift Snapshot Schedule resource.
---

# Resource: aws_redshift_snapshot_schedule

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "aws_redshift_snapshot_schedule" "default" {
	identifier = "tf-redshift-snapshot-schedule"
	definitions = [
		"rate(12 hours)",
	]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `identifier` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The snapshot schedule identifier. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique identifier.
* `identifier_prefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique
identifier beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `identifier`.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the snapshot schedule.

> * `definitions` - (Optional) The definition of the snapshot schedule. The definition is made up of schedule expressions, for example "cron(30 12 *)" or "rate(12 hours)".

Reviewer: Nit: we might want to wrap these two examples in backticks since Markdown is interpreting the * for italics

```suggestion
* `definitions` - (Optional) The definition of the snapshot schedule. The definition is made up of schedule expressions, for example `cron(30 12 *)` or `rate(12 hours)`.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed it.

> * `force_destroy` - (Optional) Whether to destroy all associated settings with clusters.

Reviewer: Typo 😎 

```suggestion
* `force_destroy` - (Optional) Whether to destroy all associated clusters with this snapshot schedule on deletion. Must be enabled and applied before attempting deletion.
```

Author: 😅
